This software is experimental, presented 'as is' and inherently carries risks. By installing it, you acknowledge that DAppNode Association has done its best to mitigate these risks and accept to waive any liability or responsibility for DAppNode in case of any shortage, discrepancy, damage, loss or destruction of any digital asset managed within this DAppNode package.

This package stores private keys, which will be stored in your DAppNode. Neither DAppNode Association nor the developers of this software can have access to your private key, nor can help you recover it if you lose it.

You are solely responsible for keeping your private keys and password safe and to perform secure backups, as well as to restrict access to your computer and other equipment. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to be responsible for all activities that have been conducted from your account. You must take all necessary steps to ensure that your private key, password, and recovery phrase remain confidential and secured.

This is an Alpha version of experimental open source software released as a test version under an MIT license and may contain errors and/or bugs. No guarantee or representations whatsoever is made regarding its suitability (or its use) for any purpose or regarding its compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Use of the software is at your own risk and discretion and by using the software you acknowledge that you have read this disclaimer, understand its contents, assume all risk related thereto and hereby release, waive, discharge and covenant not to sue DApppNode Association, NodeHodlers nor Brainbot Labs Establishment or any officers, employees or affiliates from and for any direct or indirect liability resulting from the use of the software as permissible by applicable laws and regulations.

**Privacy Warning**

Please be aware, that by using the Trustlines Network client, your address and all the transactions relating to it will be stored on the Trustlines Network chain, i.e. on servers of Trustlines node operators and ergo are to a certain extent publicly available. Data present in the Trustlines chain is very unlikely to be able to be changed, removed or deleted from the public arena.
